
Unit Testing
■ What is unit Testing?
Unit testing is the execution of a complete class, routine or small program that has
been written by a single programmer or team of programmers, which is tested in
isolation from the more complete system.
Unit testing (or component testing) is to test the smallest units or software
components in a program.
■ Unit Testing is conducted by anyone who has access to the source code for the project or application.
Unit testing is the execution of a complete class, routine or small program that has been written by a single programmer or team of programmers, which is tested in isolation from the more complete system.
■ Unit Testing is conducted by
Developer
■ It is type of (blackbox/whitebox testing)
whitebox testing
■ What is Integration Testing?
– Integration Testing reveals interface problems as well
as conflicts between integrated parts.
Integration testing is the combined execution of two or more classes, packages, components, or subsystems that have been created by multiple programmers or programming teams.
■ Integration Testing is conducted by
multiple programmers/programming teams
■ It is type of (blackbox/whitebox testing)
blackbox testing
System testing

■ What is system Testing?

System testing is the execution of
the software in its final
configuration, including
integration with other software
and hardware systems.

■ System Testing is conducted by...

It tests for security, performance,
resource loss, timing problems, and
other issues that can’t be tested at
lower levels of integration.

■ It is type of (blackbox/whitebox testing)

Whitebox

– Acceptance testing

■ What is acceptance Testing?

The goal of acceptance
testing is to evaluate and
validate that the system’s
functionality meets the
customer’s requirements,
standards and business needs
before the final delivery.

■ Acceptance Testing is conducted by

The acceptance testing plan
is created during the design
phase and the actual testing is
done after the system is fully
developed and tested.
To goal of acceptance
testing is to evaluate and
validate that the system’s
functionality meets the
customer’s requirements,
standards and business needs
before the final delivery.
Ideally acceptance testing
should be done by customers
and end-users.

■ It is type of (blackbox/whitebox testing)

Whitebox
updated by brandon
